Add notice about end of life and link to the new module (#10)
PrestaShop/blockcontact: Readme.md

# Contact block

---

**This module has reached end-of-life and is no longer maintained.**

It has been remade for PrestaShop 1.7: https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_contactinfo

---

## About

> Allows you to add additional information about your store\'s customer service in PrestaShop 1.6.

Reviewer: No escaping in markdown

```suggestion
Allows you to add additional information about your store's customer service in PrestaShop 1.6.
```
